How to contribute to lwIP

Here is a short list of suggestions to anybody working with lwIP and 
trying to contribute bugreports, fixes, enhancements, platform ports etc.
First of all as you may already know lwIP is a volunteer project so feedback
to fixes or questions might often come late. Hopefully the bug and patch tracking 
features of Savannah help us not lose users' input.


The suggestions:
- Make sure you are reporting bugs or send patches against the latest sources.That usually means code in CVS
- If you think you found a bug make sure it's not already filed in the bugtracker at savannah
- If you have a fix put the patch on Savannah. If it's a patch that affects both core and arch specific
stuff please separate them so that the core can be applied separately while leaving the other patch 'open'
The prefered way is to NOT touch archs you can't test and let maintainers take care of them. This is a good
way to see if they are used at all - the same goes for unix netifs except tapif.
- Do not file a bug and post a fix to it to the patch area. Either a bug report or a patch will be enough.
If you correct an existing bug then attach the patch to the bug rather than creating a new entry in the patch area.
- Trivial patches (compiler warning, indentation and spelling fixes or anything obvious which takes a line or two)
can go to the lwip-users list. This is still the fastest way of interaction and the list is not so crowded
as to allow for loss of fixes. Putting bugs on Savannah and subsequently closing them is too much an overhead
for reporting a compiler warning fix.
- Patches should be specific to a single change or to related changes.Do not mix bugfixes with spelling and other
trivial fixes unless the bugfix is trivial too.Do not reorganize code and rename identifiers in the same patch you
change behaviour if not necessary.A patch is easier to read and understand if it's to the point and short than
if it's not to the point and long :) so the chances for it to be applied are greater. 

For platform porters:

- If you've ported lwIP to a platform (an OS, a uC/processor or a combination of these) and you think it
could benefit others[1] you might want to post an url to a tarball or zip from which it can be imported 
to the contrib CVS module. Then you get CVS access and have to maintain your port :)

[1] - lwIP CVS should not be just a place to keep your port so you don't have to set up your own CVS :)
Especially welcome are ports to common enough OS/hardware that others can have access too.
